Add documentation of user cases (#155)
megaease/easegress: doc/cookbook/distributed_tracing.md

# Distributed Tracing

> We used [OpenTracing API](https://opentracing.io/) to build tracing framework of Easegress. We official support [Zipkin](https://zipkin.io/).  We can enable tracing in `HTTPServer`, it will start a span whose name is same with server. The matched pipeline will start a child span, and its internal filters will start children spans according to their implementation, for example the `Proxy` did it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used [OpenTracing API](https://opentracing.io/) to build the tracing framework of Easegress. We officially support [Zipkin](https://zipkin.io/).  We can enable tracing in `HTTPServer`, it will start a span whose name is the same as the server. The matched pipeline will start a child span, and its internal filters will start children spans according to their implementation, for example, the `Proxy` did it.
```
